of
and easily notice and and that figure is spring
white module clean fresh and transparent
and spring is the first of its kind filters
for home use her for
patented technology correct
block culture combined with action
ultraviolet light
developed to purify water from harmful
for the health of impurities and microorganism
living in the water and and wick we
show it by hand like spread
improving time with water
my country and overseas unpleasant
also hydrolyze dangerous microorganisms
and harmful impurities by viewing a few
presentations you can see how
the filter from captivity works and so the layer
Alyusha
some substances organic war over
these cards are a disinfectant
or
tap water may be present
for and be felt on in a cube and or cute
nice lock vary
take a glass at all you added
red substance to reveal
presence of harmful part mx red
color indicates a big leash
amounts of ether apparently chemical
particles that called fraternity on
possesses a photo took
let's do an experiment take a glass of water
painted perfectly known and comparable
the result of grace is the filtrate but for what
pour the solutions of candy
close departure for tea without playing
the naked eye
ocean of foam glass of glass cleans
water from harmful substances as a result we
we get clean water with understandable and suitable
for eating a series of vary and
norton which is added water effects
9 people among other things motherboard
Health ENT neutralizes plumbing
water at the same time and turning it into heroes
liquid with unpleasant centime big
part of the cool water contains
let's use from and he's chemical
solution
determining the presence of chlorine in water if
chlorine brought water colored my yellow
color take a glass
tap water with a characteristic odor
and add
windows water beautiful ass take a solution and
we will lift by elevators
instantly to the end of the glass
about the sense of water from unpleasant smell and
use this latte again for
detect the presence of chlorine owners
we see between in none of the glasses
the contents are makeup yellow
shave bold water clean and fresh
eliminating unpleasant smell and harmful
impurities and the next experiment we
let's use the dirty water solution to
Messi died during the presence
hazardous to health
take a glass of dirty water
carbon block system filter cleans
water from any other modern
technology and spring allows
filter modules save only
nutrients in the ring dima took
mel any raw water contains
a large number of microorganisms
disease viruses and efficiently
purifies water from polluting
99.99 percent of the role of bacteria bacteria
nominee war percent of war for doing
clean water fresh for you and your
greens auna khl and and worth worthwhile
the antenna itself you were able to make sure that
there is a straight makes water clean catch
fresh and transparent letters and